Learn English conversation. English conversation is quite different from
English reading. Conversation uses a different type of English, including
different vocabulary. English conversation vocabulary is much more
casual. In English, this means we use more words of Saxon or Old English origin
during conversation. We also use more phrasal verbs, two or three word verbs.
The difference between conversation and more formal English is one reason that
even advanced students have difficulty with everyday conversations. The problem
is that students learn more formal English in school. Formal English tends
to use more words of French and Latin origin. This kind of English is, in fact,
much easier for students who speak romance languages such as Spanish,
Italian, Portuguese or French. These students often do quite well when reading
English but have a lot of trouble understanding normal speech. So, if you
want to communicate with native speakers, it's very important to learn English
conversation, not just textbooks and reading. To learn English conversation,
you must listen to more casual English and you must learn the different
vocabulary and patterns used in normal speech. In my lessons, I always focus on
real English conversation and I use the vocabulary of common speech. Another
great source of casual English conversation is film. Listen to American
English movies and read the subtitles. This will also help you.
Finally, Kristen, Joe, Tomoe and I are working on some very exciting projects. We
are recording real conversations with our friends and family. In fact, Kristen
and Joe are already finished recording over 30 real conversations. Next, we'll
send these recordings to be transcribed so you'll have the text for all of them.
Then, we'll make lessons based on the vocabulary in the conversations,
including idioms and slang. For example, we'll use the listen and answer technique
to guarantee you learn the vocabulary and grammar deeply. These lessons are
scheduled to be released on November 1st. The title of these lessons is simple
and direct. We're calling them Learn Real English.
